README.md, before:

### Description
An AI to play this Tetris variant: https://qntm.org/files/hatetris/hatetris.html

### TODO
1. ~~Core data structures (board, pieces, piece orientations, piece moves)~~
2. ~~Algorithm to find valid positions of a piece.~~
3. ~~Hatetris AI: look at all possible moves for all possible pieces, pick the one the maximises the minimum possible height. Tie breaks resolved by order of pieces. I think. Need to review the HATETRIS code.~~
4. GUI that lets player pick moves (need to add "on-start" and "on-end" functions to the game interface that allow GUI to be booted up / shut down; implement a version of "place-piece" that gets the player to manipulate the piece through the GUI; possibly adjust what the game interface returns at the end, as right now it just returns the final state, which does not allow replays).
5. Play through some games myself to test it (incl. world record games). Hopefully this won't turn up any bugs.
6. Greedy search (algorithm and heuristics).
7. Rework genetic algo code to find best heuristic weights.
8. Implement Monte Carlo Tree Search.

Commit message:

Add trivial-gamekit interface to play the game.
The only differences from the original:
- You can't hold down arrow keys to move fast.
- Piece doesn't start in the middle.
I'll fix these later.

Also did some refactoring. Better abstraction
of the state / well. Had to move function-local
functions to file level, otherwise trivial-gamekit
threads would flip out due to them be "redefined".
Fixed merge-piece so that filled-in rows are not
cleared if the game is over, makes it much cleaner.

README.md, after:

### Description
An AI to play this Tetris variant: https://qntm.org/files/hatetris/hatetris.html

### Setup
May need to do some special stuff to get the trivial-gamekit package working, see: https://github.com/borodust/trivial-gamekit

### TODO
1. ~~Core data structures (board, pieces, piece orientations, piece moves)~~
2. ~~Algorithm to find valid positions of a piece.~~
3. ~~Hatetris AI: look at all possible moves for all possible pieces, pick the one the maximises the minimum possible height. Tie breaks resolved by order of pieces. I think. Need to review the HATETRIS code.~~
4. ~~GUI that lets player pick moves (need to add "on-start" and "on-end" functions to the game interface that allow GUI to be booted up / shut down; implement a version of "place-piece" that gets the player to manipulate the piece through the GUI; possibly adjust what the game interface returns at the end, as right now it just returns the final state, which does not allow replays).~~
5. ~~Play through some games myself to test it (incl. world record games). Hopefully this won't turn up any bugs.~~
6. Greedy search (algorithm and heuristics).
7. Rework genetic algo code to find best heuristic weights.
8. Implement Monte Carlo Tree Search.
